THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, SATURDAY, AUGUST 26, 1906.

TSAR AND PEACE.

THE DOOR STILL AJAR.

KATSURA AND 1TO CONFER.

London, August 25.
The “Morning Post” learns-from Portsmouth
that confidenoe is expressed that peace will be
concluded. It is asserted that Russia is willing
to pay £50,000,000.
The “'rimes.'' learns from Washington that
Americans regard Japan’s terms as fair. If the
Tsar decides to oohtinue the war Americans
will consider him responsible for the further
loss of life.	
The same newspaper in a leading article
says that, like other successful belligerents,
Japan conceives that she is entitled to re-
imburse herself for the war, and that there is
no cause why she should forego doing so. Japan
appeals with confidenoe to the judgment of
tho world on her own attitude, and on that of
Russia throughout the negotiations. Wo know
what tho judgment of Great Britain will be.
(Reuter)

Portsmouth (N.H.), August 25
The American Ambassador's audienoe with
tho Tsar, although unsatisfactory, has, how-
ever, loft an open door. It appears that the
principal objection of the Tsar to the Japanese
compromise was the insertion of the prioe for
the repurchase of Saghalien. - It is understood
that President Roosevelt is now endeavouring
to secure the acceptance of his proposal.of tho
•23rd inst. leaving the price for future adjust-
ment	(Reuter)

Tokio, August 25.
Ou receipt of a cablegram from Baron
Komura, an important conference took plaoe
to-day between Mr. Katsura and the Marquis
Ito.	(Reuter)

St. Petersburg, August 25.
The Tsar rejects the compromise as opening
up again the question of indemnity. (Havas)

BOULIGUINE’S RESIGNATION
ACGEPTED.

IGNATIEPF TO 8UCCBED HIM.

St. Petersburg, August 25.
The Tsar has accepted the resignation (ft M.
Bouligoine, who will probably be suooeedod by
General Ignatiofl, ex-governor of Kieff. (R.)

MACEDONIAN FINANCES.

INTERNATIONAL BOARD APPOINTED.

London, August 25.
Six Powers have nominated members to
control the financial administration of Mace-
donia. The Ambassadors will immediately
Bubmit the names to the Porte.  (Reuter)

BRITISH AND JAPANESE VESSELS
COLLIDE.

HEAVY DEATH ROLL

Yokohama, August 25.
A Bri .ish steamer collided on Tuesday with
the Japanese transport “Kinjo Maru,” with
troops frpm the front, in an inland sea. The
transport sank in three minutes. 21 were
rescued, 127 perished.	 (Reuter)

SMUGGLING IN PERSIA.
STRONG STEPS TAKEN.
St. Petersburg, August 26.
A telegram from Teheran states that Persia
is negotiating for the purchase of two gunboats
with a view to stopping smuggling in the
Persian Gulf, which reoently has become uncon-
trollably active.	(Reuter)

NORWAY AND SWEDEN.

DELEGATES APPOINTED.

Stockholm, August 25.
Sweden ha* appointed delegates to negotiatr
with Norwegian delegatee for the dissolution
of the Union.	(Reuter)

LOCAL AND GENERAL.

Ths Plaque.—Yesterday's bulletin records
one death in hospital and one reoovery at
Alexandria.

Stray and Ownerless Dogs found in the
Waili distriot of Cairo during to-morrow night
and at dawn of the 28th. inst will be poi-
soned by the police.

Theft from a Ship.—A dock labourer was
arrested yesterday with two silk bolts in bis
possession which had beeu stolen from cargo
landed from the S.S. Assouan at the Khedivial
Mail dock.

Fire at Akiimin.—1The shop of jiinet Allah
Endrawis, a merchant of Akbmin, Girgeh pro
vinca, has been burnt down and all the goods
which it contained wera comp'etely destroyed,
The damage is estimated at £300.

The Solar Eclipse —Wo havo received from
M. Bascalioni an oxcollont diagram illustrating
tho relations of tha sun nod moon during tho
time of the coming eclipse, as it will been seen
from .the lighthonse at Alexsndria.

Alhambra Theatre. — A matinee per-
formance will be given at this theatre to-mor-
v^w afternoon, when La Zia di Carlo will la
presented, and in the evening Romanticimo
will be given. Magda is billed for to-night

The Brindisi Mail will be made np at the
G.P.O., Alexandria, at 8.80 a.m. on Monday
for ordinary oorreapondonce. Registered letters,
insared articles, money orders, aud jm-cels
most be handed in at the post office before 9
p.m. on Sunday.

Suez Canal.—II vessels passe 1 through
the Canal on the 23rd inst., of which 5 were
British, 1 German, 1 French, 2 Dutch, 1
Norwegian, 1 Turkish. Tho day's receipts were
fra. 280,882.44, making tho total 'rom the 1st
inst frs. 6,750,315.01.

Coal Imports.—From thelat of Jauuary to
the 24th August 625.S93 tons of oosl were
imported into Egyi/t Wales sent 339,765,
Newcastle 149,6061 Scotland 75,136. York-
shire 33,934,' and other places 26,852 tons.
During the same period of last year 638,674
tons were received.

The Baliana Murders.—The Parquet has
appealed against the sentenoe of imprisonment
passed upon the authors of the recent mas-
store at Baliana on tho ground that the Court’s
finding of 'extenuating circumstances' was not
justified, in that the murderers had no reason
to be amazed at the loose oonduct of their
wives, who-were of light oharaoter before their
marriage, and had no excuse whatever for
adding to their victims two little boys and a
girl eight years of age.

Delta Liqht Railways.—The traffic returns
ol the Delta Light Railways, Ltd., show the
total receipts to be LE. 2,670, for last week of
whiohL.B.1,721 were from passenger traffic.The
total reoeipta daring the corresponding period
last year were LB. 2,686. Sinoe October
1, 1904, the total receipts have amounted to
LE. 141,302 as oompared LE. 132,685 daring
the corresponding period of the last railway year.
The Helonan branch shows receipts of LE 732
for last week and LE 25,887 sines the 1st
of January, this being an increase ofLE 1,973
on last year's working daring the same period.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.

H.H. the Khedive, Mnstapha Pasha Fehmy,
and Sidlri Pasha have arrived at Vienna.

Sir William and Lady Willcocka have taken
passages by the P. & 0. steamer China, and
are due in Cairo on the 27th September.

Sir Maloolm Mollwraitb, K.C.M.G., the
Judicial Adviser, is leaving Marseilles for
Egypt by the P. & 0. steamer Persia on the
29th proximo.

Mr. and Mrs. Noel Beyts and the Misses
Beyta, are sailing from London for Snez by the
P. & 0. steamer Persia on the 22nd September.

Harvey Pasha arrived at Alexandria from
Cure last night

Birch Pssba has arrived in Cairo from
Kom Ombo,but returns there on Tuesday next.

Mr. G. Hornblower, inspector of the Mini-
stry of the Interior, left Alexandria for Europe
yesterday.

Mr. P. W. Stout ia returning to Cairo on
the 18th September.

A marriage has been arranged to take plaoe
at the end of September between Mr. Victor
Csdogan, of the National Bank of Egypt
eldest eon of the late Hon. Charles Cadogsn,
and Mi« Uly Bator, eeoond daughter of Mr.
Hurry C.N. 8nter, of Tan tab and formeriy of
Dawliih.

LAND VALUES IN EGYPT.

UPWARD TENDENCY IN PRICES

The value of the best quality of agricultural
bred in this country has increased enoimocsly
of’ate, more especially within the past two
yean or so, and in some oases it has risen ten-
fold daring the last quarter of a oentnry. The
decision arrived at last March by the Govern-
ment on the recommendation of Sir William
Gcretin, to postpone the raising of the Assouan
Dam for a period of three years, and to stop
the Bale of land for reclamation purposes to
either public companies or private speonlaton, ,
has had the effect of adding a farther stimulus .
to the extraordinary enhancement we speak of.
Aooording to Poilay Bey, a high authority '
on the subject ol land values, the value is ,
likely to still tend upwardsj and in a very ^
interesting artiole that appears in this month's
'-Bulletin de l'Union Syndioaledes Agrioul- ,
tours d’Egypfo" he expresses his opinion that
those persons who express -jnuprise al the j
present high level to whioh prices have attained |
and who think that they have now arrived |
at their maximum, must prepare themselves
for fresh surprises. He bases his opinion
on the information he has gathered from differ
ent sources, whioh shows that the onltivatore
are already preparing to invest the larger '
profits expected from this year’s ootton crop
and the higher prioes ruling for ootton, in j
the pnrehase of land. From every side, adds i
Poilay Bey, one hears of fresh transactions at t
prices hitherto unheard of. 8ome persons are t
inclined to think that this enhancement is duo i
mainly to speculation, bnt such is not the <
foot, as in most cases it is tho owners of small i
holdings that are the purchasers, and speoulv t
tion does not' enter into these transactions, j
It is with the sole objeot of cultivation and i
adding to their property that the fellaheen c
landowners boy whenever they have aeon- t
mnlatod a few hundreds of pounds. The t
writor iu the "Bulletin” cites two instanoes as [
illustrating the extraordinary and constant
upward tendenoy notioeable in land values I
within even a rooent date. An omdeh in the a
Behera provinco last month offered to a I
leading land oompany £135 per feddan, I
for a small estate of 80 feddans whioh this a
same company bought only three years ago I
at £85 and refase now to part with under (
£145 per feddan, and the probability is that (
the company will get this price. Another I
omdeh in the Garbieh Province has just pur J
chased a small lot at £85 per feddan, although n
only part of the land has been reclaimed and
the rest is not under reclamation.
But, says Poilay Bey, the region where
prioes have been pushed np to unheard of
figures is that bordering on the Behera pro- „
vinoe, dose to the lakes, in those places „
where the land is still totally uncultivated, a
nearly approaohing, in foot, a marshy oondi- j)
tion. The greater part of this region, de- 0
privod of water for irrigation though it be a
and never likely to be ever of much value, £
is selling at prioes that one never dreant of. h
Purchasers in these parts are evidently dia- t
oounting the fatnre,for they are perfectly aware j
that some years must elapse before -they can £
obtain water in anfficient quantities to irri-
gate thoir lands and before tho draining t
be comes normal, yet Ihese came people do j,
not hesitate to pay the fancy figures asked.
A lot in this same locality, consisting of j,
some thousands of feddans, and oonceded to a Q
former Minister of War at two-piastres tariff £
a feddan was told by him at £3. Three a
years ago the purchaser sold tha property j
at £15 and now the present holder is asking
£36 per feddan 1 He has been offered £80 for
land on whioh not a piastre has yet been spent
nor a ootton plant has grown, and this it is not -
an exceptional case, for many instanoes can
be given, in this same region, where people °
seem to have lost their reasoning powers and ®
dispute among themselves tor the possession ^
of each parcel offered. We find even somo ^
go so far as to mortgage their properties and ^
pay a high rate of interest to procure 15
with the money lands that can give no re- n
turn in the near future.
"Should the reader doubt my words,” says 0
Poilay Bey, "let him take a tain of the agri- *
cultural light railway that runs from Kafr >'
Dawar to Damanhour, passing by Sidi-Gbari c
and Kom-el-Ahdar, and notioe the lands lying 8
on each side totally nntilled and of a desolate
appearanoe. These are not lands, however, *
that the Government would practioally get rid ''
of for a trifle. On the contrary, all this vast 0
distriot has proprietors, and each lot, where b
scarcely anything else now grows but the wild 8
tamarisk, has its prioe. Many yean must
elapse before these lands can be of any value
and yet, incredible as it may seen, as much as
£20 a feddan is demanded and in rare parts,
where a few wretched-looking ootton plants are p
soon growing, “the price asked is £40 per
feddan," ''and," the writer repeats, “it is, 0
except in exceptional cases, not speculation ^
that has oansed this rise,but the fellaheen with ,
his savings who is responsible for it It is in i
this class of investment and in this olass only,
that the lellah cultivator will pnt the surplus ’
pr. fits of his crops, and until he^changes his
mind, which does not appear at all likely at
present the value of land must keep rising.
For it most not be forgotten that money in-
vested in suitable land at even the enhanoed
prioes now ruling mil still in many instanoes
give a good return, of from 6 to 9 per oent, I
snoh is its fertility."	'

THE LATE GRAND MUFTI.


GERMAN APPRECIATION.
The ‘Koelnische Zeitang’ of the 1st inst.
oontains an interesting appreciation of the
late Grand Mofti of Egypt The writer points
1 oat (hat though Sheikh Mohamed rtbdon’s
idealism and his oonstant efforts to restore the
1 glory of Islam by combining western culture
with the Moslem belief caused suspicion and
hostility among the nnenlightened, his personal
popularity was great among all classes. He
notices the great importance of the Grand
Mufti’s position as a consultative authority
on all qcestions of religions law, and compares
it to that of Papinian and ths great Roman
jurists of the Empire. We are glad to note
the writer’s insistence on the literary activity
and ability of the late Sheikh, and his special
praise both of the “El Tawhid,” the admirable
philosophio essay on the Unity of God, and of
the excellent commentaries on the Koran,
which are admired by all liberally minded
feachers and theologians, and represent in
literary form the dootrinea of the oelebrated
Said Jemal-el-Din el Afghani, Sheik Mohamed
Abdon’s former tutor.

“AT HOME" ON THE AIDA.
lady Blomfield gave a very saooessfnl and
pleasant “at home” on the Aida yesterday. The
weather was again too rough to admit of the
guests visiting the dredgers which are at work
on the New Pass, though the breeze in tbe
inner harbonr was very pleasantly felt Tbe
Customs band played on tho harbonr tug
alongside the Aida with great spirit, and at
about 7.80 p.m. nearly one hundred of the
young musicians came on board, and were
regaled with oake and sweets to their great
delight. We need not add that'-an excellent
tea was provided, and that Admiral Sir Masrie
and Iedy Blomfield gave their guests a most
Among those present we noticedH.E
Fakhry Pasha, Regent, H.H. Prinoe Aziz Has-
son, H.B. Fuad Pasha, Admiral Hussein Pasha
Fehmy, Mr. M. de C. Findlay, Mr. Ambroise
Ralli, Major I/Bstrange Johnstone, M., Mme
and Mile Stohelkowno-f, Mr. Sztrvasv, Peake
Bey and Mrs. Peake, Capt. and Mrs. Weatropp,
Capt and Mrs. Crawley, Mr., Mrs. abd Miss
Carver, Mr. and the Misses Caloyanni, Mr.
Kingham, Mr. and Mrs. Stafford North cote,
Mrs. Frazer, Mr. and Mrs. Maloolm Logan, and
many others.

RELIGIOUS LEADER EXILED.

Abbas Effendi, the head of the Babist oom-
mniiity, ,who has long been resident at Akka
near Haifa, has been oondomnod to exile. It
appears that the Babi Sheikh reoently decided
in an evil hoar for himself to bnild a palaoe
on the slopes of Mount Carmel it unfortun-
ately happened that the'palaoe commanded
the whole town of Haifa and the Kaimakam’s
house. Suspicion was aroused and representa-
tions were made to Constantinople that the
Babist leader was building “a fortress” for the
benefit of the Arabs or the Egyptian11
Abb is Effendi has therefore been exiled
though the Babis, who are exiles from Persia,
have boen for the past forty, year most excel-
lent citizens. Religious quietista, their oon.dbot
his always been marked by toleration and
charity, and since their settlement at Akka,
they have abstained from all forms of politics!
activity. The reputed wealth of the sect is no
doubt the cease of Abbas Bffendi’s exile.

RICE MILLS AT ALEXANDRIA.

As we announced some time ago in oar
columns the Alexandria and Rosetta Rice
Mills Co., which has been formed by several
Alexandrian merchants and financiers, will
begin work in the near fatnra. The oompany
has obtained a site, where moat of its plant and
buildings are already erected, near the Mah-
moudioh Canal between Karmouas and Mo-
h&rrem Bey .This distriot, whioh already oontains
oil mills, asphalt works, and many other mills
and factories, seems destined to beoome the
industrial oentre of Alexandria. Its position is
certain to give a great impetus to canal traffic
and inland navigation.
As the rice crop in Egypt is exhausted by
the beginning of April the oompany will
import Rangoon rioe in both the rough and tbe
olean states. It is anticipated thata large trade
between Alexandria and the rest of the Levant
will ensue.

SAN STEFANO CASINO.
The following is the programme of the vocal
part of the oonoert to be given to-morrow morn-
ing. We note that the “Mattinata” by Leon-
cavallo will be sang for tbe first time here by
the tenor, Mr. Giovanelli.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The express Khedivial mail steamship
Ismalia will leave Alexandria at 4 p.m. on
Wednesday for Pineua, Smyrna, Mitylene and
Constantinople.
The Moss liner Seti arrived yesterday after-
noon from Liverpool, via Gilbraltar and Malta,
with passengers, mails, and general cargo.
The S.S. Syrian Prinoe left Manoheeteron
Tuesday last and is expected to arrive at
Alexandria vik Tunie and Malle on or about
9th September.

NOTES FROM PORT SAID.

DEPARTURE OF DIXON BEY.

(From our Correspondent. )
Port Said, Thursday.
Dixon Bey, the director of the Lighthonse
department here, and representive of the War
Offioe, is leaving by the P. & 0. steamer on
Tuesday next for a well-earned holiday.

THE MATARIEH CANAL.
Mr. Diacono, who is the director of tbe
Anglo-Amerioan Nile Company at this end,
and is now staying at the Eastern Exchange,
is very hard at work on the dredging and pre-
parations for the navigation of the new canal
The work appears to be progressing very
favorably, aud hopes are expressed that at
least a portion of the traffio will be at work
by the winter.

THE AFFAIR BAIOCCHI.

The latest hews I have of this nnpleesant
afiair is that Ali Effendi Sabit has been sus-
pended pending the tria1, which was to have
been held on 15th September, bat whioh has
been ordered to take place at the ‘Tribanaux
Sommairee" in as short a time as possible, pro-
bably in the oonne of -next week.
Then is quite a furore here amongst the
local press, they taking two different aides, and
each sticking firmly to its own opinions. The
native papers have in many cares stated as a
fact that Mr. Baiooohi, was armed with varions
aggressive weapons when the Custom House
renoontre took plaoe, bat I sm-iu a position to
emphatically deny this.
The whole basiqess is much to be regretted,
giving rise" as ittioesto wild talk in many
of the papera, and Ali Effendi 8abit waa well
known for his civility and courtesy in his some-
what trying position at the Customs. Still on
the other hand H.E. the Governor is to be
oongratnlated on the severe measures taken
and impartial treatment meted ont to all
concerned.

STILL THEY COME.
There are no lets than three Tarkish trans-
ports, withj an aggregate of 4,000 troops on
board, in the harbour;-all of them leave to-day
for the Red Sea.

ARMY AND NAVY.
(From our Correspondent).

CHSONIQUE FINANCIERS
Alexandria, le 25 toft* 1905
Eo provision de la bai*ae du change
-n automne' lee banquets out oommeool
I Lire dee difficult^ pour let avaooes
sur titrer, et an Caire la pi opart (Fen‘.re
elles ont mime dan* ce but port* leaf, taux
d’int<i£t de 6 1/2 17 pour cent. (J i’elles se
montreut plus ou moina rigoorauiee pour lee
trsnoes sur titles de second ordre, cela se com-
prend et peut m£me contribuer k amainirle
marobl main onneoon^oitpas une telle attitude
pour les valours de premier ordre. Si d'aillann
nous sommes bien inform<L, k la question du
ohange vient s’en afouter une autre qoi a eon
importance. Une banque ayant en oai«w d’<-
normea disponibilitds k la suite dune rteente
Emission, les ^tabliasementi rivanx n’ont pas
voulu roster en arri&re. Hltons-noua d’ajouter
qua la place n'a pei 6t6 impressionuifo outre
mesura par cee diffioolWa nouvellea, cr£es par
lee banques.
L’animation a mflme pr£valu an d4bnt, en
partioulier sur la Banque Nationale qui a Lit
L’objot d’une forte demande da Paris et da
Londres, sur l’Agrioole, la B«Sh<5ra, 1(8 aotions
Credit Ponoier, les Estates et la Nungoviob.
Cea deux dernisra jours, oependant, lo precis
intentti k la Dal'ra par des princes de la
Khidiviale aquelqnepeurefroidile maroW. Les
petite ditentears ont 616 partienliiremeat pria
de paniqne, mais k tort, nous aanre-t-on, pnls-
que la New Dsl'ra Sanieh en aohetant l’aotif
de rAndeoner^e!t% n’a oontnetd qn’aveo le
Gonvernement Egyptian; eelui-ci devradono
didommsger la New Dslra an cas oh lee
princes khidivianx gagneraient lean proole.
Le oonrs de la Dalra qni avait haoasi de
28 1/16 k 28 1/4 ofoture vendenn k 28.
■ Ia Banque Nationale derate k 27 8/8 et
elflture demandie i 27 18/16. Ia nouvelle
eet plus foible de 1/16.
Trts sou'tenue dlsl’abordk 141/16,l’Agrioole
atteint gradoellement 14 7/82. L’ex-right mt
trts feme entro 9 8/4 et 9 25/82 et la nou-
velle h 9 17/82. La Fondateur monte de 1045
k 1060.
De 819 lee aotions Fonder montent k 8M.
Certains aotionnaire«.renon$int k leur droit
de soosorire k la nonvelle Emission k £16, pr4-
ftrent acheter l’andenne dont la coupon sat
5valn6 de 15 k 16 franca En effet, la non-
velle Emission n’ayant pea droit k ce oou-
pon, ta valour exact* oomparfa k oslle de
I’anrienne n’ert que de 820 moins 15, soit 805
franca. Its prix de 810 n’ert dono pas avan-
tageux et l'obligation de ne verier poor le
moment qa’une partie dn {nix, soit 125 fra.
ne soffit paa k oompenaer oette inforioritA
Ia land Bank eat trts forme entro 9 8/8
et 9 7/16.
Le prochain lanoement de l’Union Fonritro
et one demande du Cairo font h»uwer la B6-
hdre de 40 7/8 k 49 8/4.
De 18 1/16 la Delta Light monte joaqn’k
18 1/4 pour retomber en olOture k 181/16.
Itsa Estates ayant fait de bonnes affaires an
terrain* montant de 81/82 k l 1/8 pour old
London, August 17. ne aumtpaa k oompenaar oetta inforioritA
The sad news of the deaths of Captain E 8. I* Bank eat trts forme entro 9 8/8
Carey and Captain C. H. V. G. Stokes, 2nd ^ 9 7/16.
Battalion Royal Innislrilling Fusiliers, who Le proohain lanoement de 1'Uiiion Ponoiire
lost their livea by drowniog, near Ramleh, et one demande dn Cairo font »»«urtfir la B4-
oanaed a profound sensation of regret amongst hire de 40 7/8 k 49 8/4.
aU ranks of the 1st Battalion at Londonderry. De 18 1/16 la Delta Light monte joequ’h
Captain Carey waa born in Jane, 1878, joined 18 1/4 pour retomber en eldtun k 18 8/16
the IanukiUing. in July, 189^ was promoted Le. Batata, ayant foil da bonnas aflkiri. an
oaptam m February, 1900, and waa adjutant terrains moutent de 81/82 k 1
tam Stokes whs bom in July, 1876, was i Montazah, Mandanfa et Siouf anraiant <hdk
gauttad to the lnniakilliiigs in December, 1897, produit on Mnlfice oonaid.frabla^! Jrix
and was promoted captain m Saptambar, 1908. d'«*at 4tait da 140 Livnele feddan (de 7 900
He wmtto Egypt to join the 2nd Battalion at pio, environ) ; U soci^to
Cairo from the 1st Battalion at Deny a year or ' moyenne de 5 k 6 P.T. le pic.
so ago. Both offioers served with the 2cd ;	> „	,
Battalion in the Tirah Expeditionary Foroe, on 1 pri-sis-sfoa et dn 888 k nvs i * twLj
tha North West Frontier. 1897-98, including ,	** “J ^ ^■'"dandm.
the operation in the Ban Valley, and the | De 8S^ J J1* and Soda tombe k 84/8,mai.
oocnpation of the Khyber Pass (melal with two re^t*n„ l -
clasps), and also with the same battalion in I U ,N’W W flfohit de 81/9 k 28/6
the latter phases of the 8onth African War,' P°nrolfltnrer k 81/-. LiNungovich gagne 8/16
indnding tbe action of Pietenburg, where the k f° 7/,#- ^ KhediTi*1 Mail bailee de
ioclnding tbe action of Pietenburg, where the ,1
Icniskillingi did some fine work with the
bayonet, and the operations in Orange River ;
InUIdlliap did .cm. du work nth th. *9/1',,' * 7/l« ^ prikiKpd. ,t d. 41/3 t
b-roDSt,aod th« opermtion. i. 0r»» Him “/• ''"W- D* >*■ •« U Cha di
Colony (medal with three olaspsj.
Colony (medal with three olasns)	i B°°nto tombe k 184 1/2. L’Urbaine gagne
7 (	oiasps>	h/8 k 5 8/& La Banque d'Athtoee flootus
Captain and Brevet LieutananbColonel G.	186 ’/*** 187 1/s» <»Q™ wquel olio
H. Thesiger, R’fle Brigade, 8toff Offioer for “°tore.
Musketry, Southern Command, will shortly D’importan'os transactions ont 6t6 effeoturte
obtain his majority in the Brigade, he being on Comptoir dont.le oonrs monte de 4 5/16
the senior of hia grade.	k 4 15/32. Its Fondateur bausae 5galamant
-----	de 91 k 22 1/2 achetenn.
Musketry, Southern Command, will shortly
obtain his majority in the Brigade, he being
the senior of hia grade.
Captain C. B. Harrison, Rifle Brigade, lately
commanding a oompany in tha 2nd Battalion
in Egypt, has severed his connection with the
Brigade, in whioh he served a littfo over seven
years.
Lieutenant C.R. Hallowea, Royal Army
Medioal Corps, at the Cnrragb, has been order-
ed to embark for Bgypt about the 27th prox.
Second Lieutenant Toms, Royal Berkshire
Regiment, dcing duty with the 1st Battalion
at Dablin, has resigned his commission.
The 8rd Battalion Rifls Brigade, at Aden
now, is doe to arrive at S uthampton on
Now Y ar’s Day. The batt lion will be
stationed at Plymouth.
The battleships Canopus and Goliatb, whioh
have arrived at Gibraltar from the China Sta-
tion, will join the Mediterranean and the
Atlantio Fleets respectively.
After ita cruise to tbe Baltio Set the Channel
Pleetwill meet the First Cruiser Squadron off
tbe Wes^Coast
Admiralty eoonomy is not always commend-
able. The battfortip Vengeance, which has just
returned home from the China Station, is a
ease in point To save the expense of repairs
abroad she began the voyage home with her
boilers defective and ultimately one of her
consorts had to take her in tow. Had it been
rough weather we might have heard more of
the affair, for a battleship of 11,950 tons with
tproeiou* freight of nearly 800 souls onboard,
a rather unwieldy pieee of machinery to
BULLETIN DB LA BOURSE
(Ankmrdtkm A msdirt demit)
1m Banque Nationale oontinne sOn monve-
mont aaoentionnel et atteint 27 7/8 1'anoienne
et 27 18/16 la nonvelle. La demande ert aaaez
active.
En revanche il y a nne lfgkre reaction en
Agrioole do 14 7/89 k 14 8/16.
Ia Banque d’Athtoee eat plus forme k
127 1/2, aveo affaires.
Li B4h4ra hauzae encore de 42 8'4 k 42 1/2
poor,les raisons ‘d^jk fnoootfee dans notr# ohro-
niqne financitre.
Aprto one aooentnation de la panique sur la
Dalra la oonfianoe. a npl.l.dru«blri>
do olflture a maont k 27 15/16 aoheteura, soit k
1/16 de baisse senlement snr le oours dtiier.
On offra la 8alt & Soda k 84/6 et la Non- .
go rich k 10 7/16.
La Khedivial Mail reprend d’nne fo^on asaai-
ble : la PriviHgifo atteint 4 9/16 et (’Ordinary
*1/-
Banx do Caire ; leprix moots de 1165 k 1180.
Be 7 5/16 le Ramleh Railway flfchit kt 1/4.
On offre les Estates k l 8/82.
L» nta dn aunM	«
plotOt oelme.
. Bo	N
mdH im	nbtm	u
L. Wm.	po«T
1 ktaw ‘ ■"!“ ««• MM i«